Add `PickFromPossiblyUndefined` type (#703)
sindresorhus/type-fest: readme.md

- [`ConditionalKeys`](source/conditional-keys.d.ts) - Extract keys from a shape where values extend the given `Condition` type.
- [`ConditionalPick`](source/conditional-pick.d.ts) - Like `Pick` except it selects properties from a shape where the values extend the given `Condition` type.
- [`ConditionalPickDeep`](source/conditional-pick-deep.d.ts) - Like `ConditionalPick` except that it selects the properties deeply.

> - [`PickFromPossiblyUndefined`](source/pick-from-possibly-undefined.d.ts) - `Pick` properties from type that may be undefined.

Reviewer: > The first line should match the description in the readme.
https://github.com/sindresorhus/type-fest/blob/main/.github/contributing.md

> - [`PickFromPossiblyUndefined`](source/pick-from-possibly-undefined.d.ts) - `Pick` properties from type that may be undefined.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [`PickFromPossiblyUndefined`](source/pick-from-possibly-undefined.d.ts) - Like `Pick` except it allows a type that is possibly `undefined`.
```
